ENH: Add warning that quoting CMAKE_ARGS can cause errors (#2553)
conda-forge/conda-forge.github.io: docs/maintainer/knowledge_base.md

- `-DCMAKE_FIND_FRAMEWORK=NEVER` and `-DCMAKE_FIND_APPBUNDLE=NEVER` Prevent CMake from using system-wide macOS packages.
- `${CMAKE_ARGS}` Add variables defined by conda-forge internally. This is required to enable various conda-forge enhancements, like [CUDA builds](#cuda).

:::warning

> As `${CMAKE_ARGS}` contains quoted elements in it, quoting `${CMAKE_ARGS}`

Reviewer: The errors are because `CMAKE_ARGS` is a space separated list of options, not because it contains quoted elements.

Author: Ah, good to know given ([#general > ✔ Validation C/Fortran compatibility with CMAKE_ARGS @ 💬](https://conda-forge.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/457337-general/topic/.E2.9C.94.20Validation.20C.2FFortran.20compatibility.20with.20CMAKE_ARGS/near/524945021)). I'll fix this, but if I understand correctly, you're saying that the shell is then interpreting the expanded result of `"${CMAKE_ARGS}"` as a single argument instead of the multiple arguments it provides, correct?

- `-DCMAKE_FIND_FRAMEWORK=NEVER` and `-DCMAKE_FIND_APPBUNDLE=NEVER` Prevent CMake from using system-wide macOS packages.
- `${CMAKE_ARGS}` Add variables defined by conda-forge internally. This is required to enable various conda-forge enhancements, like [CUDA builds](#cuda).

:::warning

As `${CMAKE_ARGS}` is a space separated list of options, quoting `${CMAKE_ARGS}`
(`"${CMAKE_ARGS}"`) in recipes can lead to build errors as quoting makes the shell

> treat as a single argument.

Author: Ah this is grammatically wrong now. Maybe insert "the contents of the variable"

> (`"${CMAKE_ARGS}"`) in recipes can lead to build errors as the shell expansion
> is treated as a single argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(`"${CMAKE_ARGS}"`) in recipes can lead to build errors as quoting makes the shell
treat as a single argument.
```
